Raven: PREVIOUSLY
ONTHAT'S SO RAVEN...
OOH, THAT'S ONE
CREEPY SCARECROW.
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
CORY, YOU'RE LATE!
COUSIN RAVEN!
COUSIN VICKY?
AAH!
I CAN'T WAIT
FOR YOU TO LEAVE!
MAMA!
CAN SOMEBODY PASS
THE GRAVY?
LORD!
AAH!
LAST TIME YOUR DADDY
STEPPED FOOT IN THIS HOUSE
WAS THE LAST TIME WE SAW
THAT ANTIQUE GRAVY BOAT.
I THINK COMING HERE
WAS A BAD IDEA.
YOU NASTY! AAH!
OW!
LET'S GO.
♪ IF YOU COULD GAZE
INTO THE FUTURE ♪
♪ FUTURE, FUTURE ♪
♪ YOU MIGHT THINK LIFE
WOULD BE A BREEZE ♪
♪ LIFE IS A BREEZE ♪
♪ SEEING TROUBLE
FROM A DISTANCE ♪
♪ YEAH ♪
GO, RAE!
♪ BUT IT'S NOT THAT EASY ♪
♪ OH, NO ♪
♪ I TRY TO SAVE
THE SITUATION ♪
♪ THEN I END UP
MISBEHAVIN' ♪
♪ OHH, WHOA, OH ♪
♪ HEY, NOW, SAY NOW ♪
♪ 'BOUT TO PUT IT DOWN,
YEAH ♪
♪ COME ON AND RIDE
WITH RAE NOW ♪
♪ YOU KNOW THE FUTURE
LOOKS GREAT NOW ♪
♪ AND EVERYTHING'S
GONNA CHANGE NOW ♪
♪ THAT'S SO RAVEN ♪
♪ IT'S THE FUTURE
I CAN SEE ♪
♪ THAT'S SO RAVEN ♪
♪ IT'S SO MYSTERIOUS
TO ME ♪
♪ THAT'S SO RAVEN ♪
♪ IT'S THE FUTURE
I CAN SEE ♪
♪ THAT'S SO RAVEN ♪
♪ IT'S SO MYSTERIOUS
TO ME, YEAH ♪
YEP, THAT'S ME.
CAN YOU BELIEVE IT,
CHELS?
THIS STUPID FEUD IS OVER
SOME STUPID GRAVY BOAT.
HOLE.
THANK YOU, CHELS.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT
THE WORST PART IS?
THEY BLAME MY DAD
FOR STEALING IT.
HOLE!
THANKS, CHELS.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
MY DAD'S NOT
A GRAVY BOAT STEALER,
AND I'M GONNA PROVE IT.
I CAME ALL THE WAY
OUT HERE TO BRING
MY FAMILY TOGETHER,
AND--OH! CHELS!
DUDE, YOU'RE SUPPOSED
TO BE ON HEY! PATROL.
OH, I'M SORRY.
BUT LOOK, RAE.
THAT CREEPY SCARECROW
KEEPS STARING RIGHT AT ME.
OH, YEAH, THAT'S PERCY.
YEAH, HE USED TO CREEP ME OUT
TOO WHEN I WAS A LITTLE KID.
AUNTIE FAYE USED TO TELL
THIS SCARY STORY.
[WOLF HOWLING]
LIKE, UH, WHEN THE MOON
WAS OUT...
KIND OF LIKE TONIGHT...
PERCY WOULD COME TO LIFE,
SNEAK INTO YOUR ROOM...
AND STEAL YOUR SOUL.
[LAUGHING]
KIND OF SILLY--CHELS?
BUS STATION? HI.
YEAH, I WANTED A ONE-WAY TICKET
BACK TO SAN FRANCISCKY,
AND PRONTO.
CHELS!
COME ON, DUDE,
IT WAS JUST A STORY.
LIGHTS OUT!
WHAT?
IT--IT'S 7:00.
I KNOW,
BUT BEIN' THAT IT'S
THE WEEKEND AND ALL,
WE LIKE TO STAY UP
A LITTLE LATER.
CLICKETY-CLICK.
WELL, I GUESS WE BETTER
GET READY FOR BED.
[SCARY MUSIC PLAYING]
CORY, BOY, WHEN YOU
GET THIS MESSAGE,
YOU BETTER
ALREADY BE HERE!
YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO BE HERE
2 HOURS AGO!
[CAR ENGINE]
OH, NO!
OH, MAN! YOUR PARENTS
JUST PULLED UP.
I DON'T KNOW HOW MUCH LONGER
I CAN COVER FOR YOU, MAN.
[CAR DOORS CLOSE]
[ALARM CHIRPS]
HEY, MR. AND MRS. B!
BACK SO SOON!
[LAUGHING]
GIMME SOME LOVE!
HOW WAS YOUR DINNER
WITH THE COOPERS?
EXPENSIVE.
THEY STUCK US
WITH THE CHECK AGAIN.
OH, REALLY?
WELL, WHAT ABOUT YOUR PLAN
TO, UH, YOU KNOW,
SNEAK INTO THE BATHROOM
BEFORE THE CHECK CAME?
OH, WE DID,
AND WHEN WE CAME OUT,
THE CHECK WAS THERE,
BUT THE COOPERS
WERE GONE.
WELL...
SO I HOPE YOU GUYS
HAD A BETTER TIME
THAN WE DID.
WHERE'S CORY?
UM, HE'S OUT.
UH, LIKE A LIGHT...
UPSTAIRS, SLEEPING.
SLEEPING
AT THIS HOUR?
YEAH, WELL, UH,
THE LITTLE FELLA WAS JUST
YOU KNOW,
PLUM TUCKER TIRED,
SO HE JUST WENT
TO BED EARLY.
REALLY?
'CAUSE WE BROUGHT HOME
DESSERTS.
DIG IN.
WE'RE GONNA SEE
IF CORY'S STILL AWAKE.
OH, HEY!
HO! HO! HO!
HEY!
I KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE UP TO,
EDDIE THOMAS.
YOU DO?
MM-HMM.
YOU WANT BOTH DESSERTS.
HA HA!
HA HA HA HA!
I CANNOT GET ANYTHING
PAST YOU, MR. B!
YEAH! THAT'S
WHY I'M THE KID,
YOU THE ADULT.
I'M JUST GONNA
GO AHEAD AND, YOU KNOW,
GO IN THE KITCHEN
AND DIG IN
LIKE YOU SAID I WAS.
EVERYTHING'S COOL.
WHAT DO YOU KNOW?
HE IS ASLEEP.
WAIT A MINUTE.
HE'S NOT SNORING.
[SNORING]
THAT'S MY BOY.
SNORING
LIKE A BUZZ SAW.
BUT WHERE'S THAT
CUTE LITTLE WHISTLING
SOUND HE USUALLY MAKES?
[WHISTLING]
HE'S GETTING SO BIG.
I KNOW. HE NEVER
LETS ME KISS HIM
GOOD NIGHT ANYMORE.
WHY DON'T YOU GO
AND SNEAK ONE IN?
THAT WAS SO SWEET.
I THINK HE'S READY
TO START SHAVING.
WOW.
IT'S LIKE HE GREW UP
OVERNIGHT.
WELL, LET'S GO SEE
IF EDDIE'S LOVIN'
THAT DESSERT.
AH...OHH!
DANG!
OH, MMM!
MMM! DELICIOUS!
[CHUCKLING]
EDDIE THOMAS,
I CANNOT BELIEVE
YOU GOT CORY INTO BED
SO EARLY.
EVEN WE CAN'T DO THAT.
WE ARE SO LUCKY
TO HAVE YOU HERE.
MMM.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU COULD USE
A LITTLE SHAVE, TOO.
[PHONE AUTO-DIALING]
CORY, YOU BETTER
PICK UP THIS TIME!
PICK UP WHAT?
MAN, I THOUGHT YOU SAID
YOU WERE GONNA BE RIGHT HOME!
CHILL, BIG BRO.
ARE MY MOM AND DAD
HOME?
YEAH, MAN, THEY'RE
IN THE LIVING ROOM.
YOU DID COVER FOR ME,
RIGHT?
YEAH, I TOLD THEM
THAT YOU WERE
UPSTAIRS SLEEPING.
WHAT'D YOU TELL 'EM
THAT FOR?
NOW I GOTTA GO TO BED.
YOU LITTLE UNGRATEFUL...
YOU BETTER HAD
BROUGHT MY CORN DOG.
Eerie voice: OOH.
RAE, I CAN'T SLEEP
KNOWING PERCY'S RIGHT
OUTSIDE THE WINDOW.
I CAN'T SLEEP KNOWIN'
IT'S ONLY 7:15.
[CREAK]
[GASPS]
WHAT WAS THAT?
I'M SURE IT WAS NOTHING,
CHELS.
[EERIE BREATHING]
IS THAT NOTHING,
TOO, RAE?
NOW THAT WAS
A LITTLE SOME SOME.
AT LEAST THAT CREEPY
SCARECROW SHADOW'S GONE.
AAH!
OK, OK, OK, CHELS, OK.
PERCY IS GONE. OK.
MAYBE HE WENT
TO THE BATHROOM.
Eerie voice: AAHH.
OK, OK, CHELS. SHH.
AAH, AAH.
SHH.
GO HOME!!!
[GIRLS SCREAMING]
IS HE STILL BEHIND US?!
GIRL, YOU LOOK BACK
AND TELL ME!
OOH, OOH. WE GOT 'EM
GOOD TONIGHT, PERCY.
[EVIL VOICE] "GO HOME."
HEH HEH HEH HEH.
BETTY JANE.
SHE TRIED TO SCARE US
WITH THAT SCARECROW
TO MAKE US GO HOME!
WELL, IT WORKED, RAE.
LET'S GO PACK.
UH-UH. NO.
COME BACK HERE.
I CAME HERE
TO MAKE PEACE...
AND IF BETTY JANE
WANTS A FIGHT,
IT'S ON.
[ROOSTER CROWS]
ALL SET. PAYBACK
IS GONNA BE SWEET.
[BOTH GIGGLE]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACH]
OH.
HERE COMES BETTY JANE.
OK, CALL MY CELL PHONE.
IT'S ON VIBRATE.
OK. YOU KNOW, RAE,
I'M NOT REALLY
A VENGEFUL PERSON.
BUT, UH...
[DIALS]
LET'S STICK IT
TO HER GOOD.
YEAH.
AAH! AAH!
[GASPS] THAT'S NOT
BETTY JANE.
WE SCARED
THE WRONG PERSON.
DON'T GO SOFT
ON ME NOW, RAE.
WHO IS THIS?
IT'S FOR YOU.
YOU HAVE REACHED A NUMBER
THAT IS VERY, VERY SORRY.
RAVEN, WHAT IS WRONG
WITH YOU?!
MAMA, WHAT'S
ALL THE HOLLER?
WHOA.
MAMA!
BETTY JANE,
ARE YOU OK?
OH.
OH, HONEY.
RAVEN SCARED ME
AND MADE ME
DROP THE EGGS.
WHY DOES SHE KEEP
HURTIN' US, MAMA?
I'M SORRY, OK?
I WAS JUST TRYIN'
TO GET BACK AT BETTY JANE
FOR SCARIN' US
LAST NIGHT.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT SHE'S TALKIN' ABOUT.
UH-UH! YOU PUT PERCY
IN OUR ROOM LAST NIGHT.
HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT?
I HAD A...
A--A--A--A--
SOMETHIN'--SOMETHIN'
I CAN'T REALLY SAY.
JUST LIKE
YOU CAN'T REALLY SAY
WHAT YOUR DADDY DID
WITH OUR GRAVY BOAT.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
THIS TRIP WAS A MISTAKE.
WE'RE GOING HOME.
COME ON, CHELS,
LET'S GO.
[DIALS]
HELLO, BUS STATION?
YEAH, IT'S CHELSEA,
AND THIS TIME,
IT'S FOR REAL.
[CLUCKS]
DAD, YEAH.
WE'RE COMING HOME.
I TRIED. I JUST CAN'T
GET ALONG WITH THESE PEOPLE.
HOLE.
THANKS. NOW
ARE YOU SURE YOU DIDN'T
TAKE THE GRAVY BOAT?
Victor: I DID NOT TAKE
THEIR GRAVY BOAT!
OH, OK, OK!
I'M SORRY, DAD!
I'M SORRY. I WAS JUST
DOUBLE CHECKING.
HOLE!
[SIGHS] YEAH, WELL,
I NEED TO GET OUTTA HERE.
I WANNA LEAVE HERE
WHILE I STILL HAVE
MY DIGNITY!
AAH! UNH. I'M OK.
HOLE.
THANKS, CHELS.
NOW SEE
WHATCHA DONE DID?
YA WOKE THE BABY.
I'M SORRY, AUNTIE FAYE.
WE'RE GETTING OUT OF HERE.
WE WON'T BE
ANY MORE TROUBLE TO YOU.
COME ON, RAE.
WE DON'T WANNA MISS THE BUS.
RAE, THANK YOU
FOR BRINGIN' GRAVY
BACK INTO OUR LIFE.
CHELS, WE ARE NOT
GOING ANYWHERE.
OH.
[DIALS]
HELLO? BUS STATION?
IT'S CHELSEA.
AUNTIE FAYE,
I KNOW THIS TRIP
HAS BEEN A DISASTER,
AND IT SEEMS LIKE
EVERYTHING I TOUCH,
I DESTROY. BUT, UM...
IS IT POSSIBLE THAT
WE CAN STAY FOR LUNCH?
WELL...
OH, AUNTIE FAYE,
I HAVE TO.
I'M NOT SURE HOW.
BUT, UM...
WE'RE GONNA BE
CELEBRATING TODAY,
AND I HAD A REALLY
STRONG FEELING
THAT WE CAN
BRING OUR FAMILIES
BACK TOGETHER.
OK, THEN, GIRL,
YOU GOT ONE MORE CHANCE.
THANKS, AUNTIE FAYE.
OK, OK. I'LL MEET YOU GUYS
AT THE ARCADE IN 10 MINUTES.
OK. ALL RIGHT. BYE.
YOU'RE NOT GOIN'
TO THE ARCADE.
YOU PROMISED YOUR PARENTS
YOU'D DO YOUR HOMEWORK.
NAH, I'LL DO IT LATER.
I'M GONNA SNEAK OUT.
COVER ME.
LOOK, I DON'T THINK SO, CORY.
MICK, COME ON.
YOU DID GREAT
LAST NIGHT.
JUST COME UP
WITH A BETTER EXCUSE.
LIKE I'M TAKIN' A NICE,
LONG BUBBLE BATH.
LOOK, YOUR PARENTS
ARE COOL, MAN,
AND THEY REALLY,
REALLY TRUST ME.
I'M NOT GONNA
MESS THAT UP, CORY.
PFFT. FINE.
THAT'S HOW
I LIKE TO ROLL...
SOLO.
OK, 6 LETTER WORD
FOR "TURNS TO ICE."
[SNAPS FINGERS]
FREEZE!
HA HA HA! I AM GOOD.
OK. OK. LET'S SEE.
HOW YOU DO THIS?
HYAH!
Tonya: VICTOR!
HONEY, MY MOM WANTS
TO TALK TO YOU!
COMING, SWEETHEART.
MAN.
WELL...
WHAT'S UP, CORY?
HANGIN' OUT?
HEY, EDDIE,
DO YOU MIND GETTING ME
DOWN FROM HERE?
I THOUGHT YOU SAID
YOU WAS ROLLIN' SOLO.
HA HA HA.
THAT WAS A JOKE, MAN.
OH, IT WAS A JOKEY JOKE.
YEAH, IT WAS
A JOKEY JOKE.
JOKEY JOKE.
I'M JUST PLAYING.
EDDIE, PLEASE, PLEASE.
STOP BEGGIN', BOY.
I'LL SEE WHAT I CAN DO.
[BOTH GRUNTING]
WAIT, DUDE.
YOU WERE VERY CHARMING
TO MY MOM
ON THE PHONE, HONEY.
MM-HMM.
THAT'S BECAUSE
I LOVE HER BABY.
AND HER BABY LOVES YOU.
MMM...
[GASPS]
VICTOR, SOMEONE'S TRYING
TO BREAK IN!
BACKWARDS?
ALL RIGHT,
WHO ARE YOU?!
AAH!
AAH! AAH!
CORY!
DON'T MOVE.
ALL RIGHT, YOU GUYS,
YOU PULL AND I'LL PUSH!
[GRUNTING]
YOU CAN DO IT!
YOU CAN--
[SCREAMING]
WHAT WERE
YOU EATING?
CORY, YOU'RE SUPPOSED
TO BE HOME DOING
YOUR HOMEWORK.
WHAT WOULD MAKE YOU
THINK THAT YOU COULD
POSSIBLY GET AWAY WITH
SOMETHING LIKE THIS?
BECAUSE I LET HIM GET AWAY
WITH IT LAST NIGHT.
LAST NIGHT?
CORY WENT TO BED EARLY
LAST NIGHT.
Y'ALL ARE GONNA LAUGH.
THAT WAS ME.
WHAT?!
BUT I WENT IN,
I WENT IN AND--AND--
OH! OH, EDDIE!
IT WASN'T THE HIGHLIGHT
OF MY NIGHT EITHER.
YOU GUYS ARE RIGHT,
ALL RIGHT?
I AM LIKE
A BIG BROTHER TO CORY.
AND I SHOULD HAVE
ACTED LIKE IT.
NO, MAN, YOU DID, BUT...
I TOOK ADVANTAGE OF YOU.
I'M SORRY.
OH, IT'S COOL, MAN.
WELL, THAT'S THAT.
LET'S WATCH SOME TV!
NO, YOU ARE GOING UP
TO YOUR ROOM, YOUNG MAN.
IF YOU DON'T MIND, I'D LIKE
TO KEEP HIM COMPANY.
YEAH, GO AHEAD.
YO, HOLD UP,
LITTLE BRO!
OH, IT SURE IS HARD
WHEN WE HAVE
TO PUNISH THEM.
I KNOW,
BUT IT'S OUR JOB
TO BE THE RESPONSIBLE
ADULTS.
YEAH, YOU'RE RIGHT.
COME ON,
LET'S GO CRANK CALL
THE COOPERS.
VICTOR!
CRANK CALL YOUR MOM?
I'M KIDDING.
RAE, ARE YOU SURE
THIS IS A GOOD IDEA?
CHELS, WE'RE FAMILY.
I'M SURE THEY WANT
TO MAKE PEACE
JUST AS MUCH AS I DO.
HEY--
TOUGH CROWD.
ALL RIGHT, EVERYBODY,
WE ARE HERE TODAY
TO SOLVE THE MYSTERY
OF THE MISSING GRAVY BOAT.
WHAT? WHAT MYSTERY?
WE HAD IT,
YOUR THIEVIN' DADDY
TOOK IT...
MYSTERY SOLVED.
YEAH, HAVE
A SAFE TRIP BACK.
BYE.
NO, YOU GUYS,
I'M SERIOUS, OK?
WE ARE GOING
TO FIND
THAT MISSING
GRAVY BOAT.
NOW, LET'S GO BACK
TO THE NIGHT
IT DISAPPEARED.
AUNTIE FAYE,
WHAT DO YOU REMEMBER?
WHAT I DO REMEMBER
IS THAT THAT NIGHT,
I HAD SO MUCH TO EAT,
I HAD A BAD CASE
OF THE WINDS.
NASTY. NASTY...
YES, YOU DID.
AND I EXCUSED MYSELF
TO THE BARN
AND I ASKED, UH,
VICKY, I ASKED YOU
TO WASH THE DISHES.
YES, WELL, I DO REMEMBER
WASHING THE DISHES.
AND THEN I GAVE
THE GRAVY BOAT
TO DELROY TO DRY.
SO DELROY
HAD IT LAST?
LOOK, OK, Y'ALL
READY FOR THIS?
YES, I DID HAVE
THE GRAVY BOAT.
AND I WAS GONNA
DRY IT,
BUT MY DRYING TOWEL--
THANK YOU VERY MUCH--
WAS SATURATED,
SO I PUT IT OUT ON
THE POST TO DRY...
WHICH WAS THE WORST MISTAKE
THAT I EVER MADE...
BECAUSE THAT'S WHEN
YOUR DADDY SNATCHED IT
AND RUN OUT
OF THE HOUSE.
YOU KNOW, RAVEN,
YOU SURE ARE ASKING
AN AWFUL LOT
OF QUESTIONS.
UM, WHAT WERE YOU
DOING THAT NIGHT?
WELL, ALL I REMEMBER
ABOUT BEING IN THIS HOUSE
WAS PLAYING WITH BETTY JANE.
THAT'S RIGHT.
WE DID ACTUALLY USED
TO LIKE EACH OTHER.
YES, YOU DID.
Y'ALL TWO WERE LIKE
TWO PEAS IN A POD.
I PEED IN THE POTTY.
YOU KNOW,
THE ONLY REASON
I CAME OUT HERE
WAS BECAUSE...
I FOUND
THIS PICTURE.
I REMEMBER THAT!
THE LITTLE PAIL
AND SHOVEL.
DIDN'T WE USED
TO PLAY THAT GAME?
UM...
Both: BURIED TREASURE!
YES, YOU TOO LITTLE SCAMPS
COULD BURY ANYTHING
YOU'D GET YOUR HANDS ON.
Both: OH, SNAP!
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[GASPS]
HEY, HEY, HEY!
OH, WOW. LOOK AT ALL
THIS STUFF WE BURIED!
AN OLD HAIR BRUSH,
A SET OF KEYS.
EW! EW! EW! EW!
TAKE IT AWAY!
YOU'VE GOT AUNTIE FAYE'S
SUNDAY TEETH.
NOW SHE CAN CHEW GUM
IN CHURCH AGAIN.
HEY, LOOK WHAT I FOUND.
[GASPS]
THE GRAVY BOAT!
OH, MY GOODNESS!
IT WAS US THAT TOOK IT.
WELL, WE WERE
JUST LITTLE KIDS.
WE DIDN'T KNOW
ANY BETTER.
YEAH, BUT IT CAUSED
ALL THAT TROUBLE.
AND JUST THINK,
WE COULD HAVE
BEEN FRIENDS
FOR ALL THESE YEARS.
WELL, IT'S NOT TOO LATE.
GRAVY!
THANK YOU FOR BRINGING GRAVY
BACK INTO OUR LIVES.
I WAS HOPING YOU WERE
GONNA SAY THAT.
I'D LIKE TO MAKE
A LITTLE SPEECH.
I KNOW I'M NOT A MEMBER
OF THIS FAMILY,
BUT I'D LIKE TO SAY THAT
EVEN THOUGH RAVEN
CAME HERE
AND SPILLED YOUR MILK
AND BROKE YOUR EGGS
AND CLUNKED SEVERAL
OF YOUR HEADS ...
[SNORING]
UM, WHERE WAS I GOING
WITH THIS AGAIN?
SIT DOWN, CHELS.
THANK YOU.
OK, AND I WOULD
JUST LIKE TO SAY
THAT IT IS SO GREAT
TO HAVE OUR FAMILIES
BACK TOGETHER AGAIN.
AND I WOULD LIKE TO SAY ...
PASS THE GRAVY.
YEAH!
Raven: ALL RIGHT.
AAH!
HERE YOU GO,
BABY G.
AAH!
[POP]
BABY LIKES THE GRAVY.
[BELCHING]
OOH!
OH, YEAH, THAT WAS GOOD.
"SO, THANK Y'ALL FOR
A RIGHT FINE VISIT.
"WE HOPE TO BE
IN YOUR NECK OF
THE WOODS SOMEDAY.
WITH MUCH LOVE
FROM YOUR COUNTRY COUSINS."
YOU DID IT, RAE.
YOU BROUGHT OUR FAMILIES
TOGETHER.
I AM SO PROUD OF YOU.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
YOU GUYS EXPECTING ANYONE?
All: SURPRISE!
COUSIN VICKY!
AUNTIE FAYE!
BETTY JANE!
COUSIN DELROY!
IT'S BEEN A LONG TIME.
GUESS WHAT I BROUGHT?
I BROUGHT THE GRAVY!
ENOUGH FOR THREE WEEKS.
KISSY, KISSY.
OH, AND WHO IS THIS
LITTLE SWEETIE PIE?
I WOULDN'T
DO THAT, DAD.
[THUD]
OH!
LET'S GO.
THEY STAYING HERE
FOR THREE WEEKS?
COME ON IN.